Deliverable 1


For this assignment, your group will determine a test plan for JBefunge, based on the requirements listed in the file requirements.md. Note that these are a subset of all of the requirements of the program. There are several known defects in the software; you will need to find and report on at least three, as well as request one enhancement. Additionally, a traceability matrix showing the mapping of test cases to requirements is required.

The JBefunge IDE repository is here: https://github.com/laboon/JBefunge

Time will be given in class to group yourself into groups. There should be two and only two members of a group.

There should be, at an absolute bare minimum, twice as many test cases as requirements, although I would normally expect several test cases per requirement. However, if the number of test cases is more than 4x the number of requirements, you are probably overtesting for our purposes.

Each requirement should have AT LEAST one test case associated with it, and each test should have EXACTLY ONE requirement associated with it. This can easily be checked via a traceability matrix (which you should also deliver). Note that some test cases may actually test several requirements. You should specify the one that the test case fits best - that is, what are you really trying to test with this test case?

Test cases should mention all necessary preconditions, execution steps, and postconditions. You do not need to separate out preconditions vs input values or postconditions vs output values for this test plan.

It is NOT necessary to make multiple test plans inside a test suite; it is enough for there to be one test plan.

I expect you to test three edge or corner cases as part of the test plan. These need to be marked in the description of the relevant test case.

It is expected that you actually execute the test plan in order to find the defects, along with some exploratory testing to determine how the system works and where defects might lie. There are AT LEAST three defects. While you are not expected to find all of the defects, a reasonable test plan should definitely find at least three. This is an intentionally target-rich environment.

You will also write up one request for enhancement to the program. This should be something that is not specified in the requirements, but you, as a budding Befunge programmer, would like to see added to the IDE.
